Hello.
Run it.
Solve this problem from sponge.
And now you can not easily solve this problem.
It's very easy than the previous problem.
Yeah, there's not much variables involved in this.
So let's.
Let's take this problem and.
So you can do this.
So.
His teacher asking to calculate the sum of numbers from one division.
It's very easy writing in prison, but now is teaching medium and in challenge.
And he asks my dad to calculate some of digits of numbers.
One through in.
To basically notice some of digit eight, for example, from one end and the numbers are 1 to 10.
Right.
And the total number of digits from 1 to 945 and ten is one plus zero.
It will it will add 1 to 45 and give me 46.
It is some of the digits of the numbers in a particular range.
The ranges are A and B, as you can see, and B is not mentioned anywhere in the problem.
But now you can easily understand what A and B represents here.
So let's quickly go this relate a normal recursion.
Yeah.
So one more thing before moving forward, I hope now by reading this part of the course you can easily
form your because of relations can easily formulate the state of deep state and memorizing the term
quickly.
Quoting it now.
Initially.
What we have, we have.
Okay, let's do Vivan.
This will keep on going until we have the termination case.
It will terminate when the NBA minus eight or let's say, a p e.
And if it goes to minus one and B goes to minus one, it will break.
Otherwise, what it will do is let's write a function called solve.
It will solve will be and it will end solidly minus one.
And it will bring the difference.
Well, guys, I hope this is very easy.
Will certainly be a minus one subject.
No, it can.
Batteries.
It's right.
Dysfunction solve.
In golf it will take.
Very well call and.
And now what I do is nothing.
But you think what other people do is you going to try those approaches, which is to convert this into
a vector form.
So each element of the vector will contain the digit of this number eight.
And then what they do is they reverse the vector because the way of because the way in which the numbers
are the number takes the opposite or the rate they they do is they take more.
By then they divide it and more better and divide it arduously.
So what what happens is the last digit of the number towards in the vector, you can also you can of
course, you can look around some very good solutions of the GDP or just I'm just giving you the best
solution out there, which is using strings.
Okay.
And because it is easy to handle them.
Right return.
It's got a legislative function called DP in this function, which is.
AP.
What I'll do is I'll, I'll, of course have an index.
I keep all the digits here in this index that contains Boolean laws.
And the third is from no rate because now are doing it in this total sum.
So index zero bullion is true.
Some is zero are filling the base cases.
Oh, yeah.
Now what is the basis of the regression?
So simple if index.
Okay.
So this and I won't initialized it.
Initialize it fast.
Yeah.
If your index is equal to end or size, that means I have these the end of the tree tree.
The that tree.
In the same time I'm formulating some eight.
So what I'll do is I simply return this some here.
And what is this some.
This is some of digits normal right now.
Let me quickly write still and you'll know what it is.
But it is an index miners who.
Otherwise it will be fine.
And the next is.
Yep.
The next is.
Digits.
And this digit will go to l, l or whatever the value is it it's on the variable called answer and answer
will do nothing more.
Just, you know, try and please the digital, the current location and call for the next you shouldn't.
It is the index plus one.
Our last is nothing but last.
And if digits is equals to we, we all know this.
What is some sum is nothing but some plus digit.
We are placing a certain digit over at a particular location and we will just take it into some.
Finally, let's return to the answer.
Some of you might be wondering that of whatever the problem that we are until now in the GDP.
Most of it is same rate.
This thing is same, filing is same.
Adding memory is same.
This this line is exactly similar.
This case will change a little bit depending on the.
Variables that we are passing over here.
And this is all true.
Almost same rate.
All you can do is you can make a snippet of desert tape that you did.
Things will be there in the GDP.
So whenever you solve a problem, you don't have to always start from zero.
You can always start from this snippet.
But for your first five problems, I would suggest start from zero and try to write all of this so that
it is in your mind.
Right.
And then let me build this.
Okay.
So what I'm getting, I'm reading 46 and age 65.
Is it true?
Yeah.
46.
85.
Now, it was very easy.
Now, tell me how many different variables ah, the index will go to in size.
And is how much longer do stand.
Is two by nine.
Basically nine, ten digits long.
Let's take ten digits long.
Right.
So let me at minimum the stand digit wrong last will have two variables and what will some have goes
it will have it makes it can be nine, nine, nine right everywhere.
So it is nine and do ten.
It is 90.
Let's dig 90.
Well, ma'am, so did.
By minus one and more.
Comma, minus one comma, Faisal.
I hope this is clear.
Eight.
And finally.
I will.
This also need to do.
Last.
And some memories are amazing.
It is.
And with this, if I'm this inarticulate and you've done this, I hope this is very clear.
Well.
So let me bring in this again.
Great advice.
So thank you, everyone.
This was a very simple, the simplest of the digital debris problem.
Eight.
I we industry this as well will also solve some other good problems.
Thanks.